# MediLockWeb

Blockchain based Electronic Health Records(EHR) using Node.JS

During the course of hackathon, one of our fellow participants unfortunately suffered from a seizure. During such emergency the doctor showed up immediately, but couldn’t exactly give any medical assistance immediately due to the lack of knowledge about the patient’s medical history. This is exactly where our project ‘MediLock’ comes into the picture. In the essence, the doctor could have made use of MediLock to know about the patient’s history immediately and could have provided an accurate solution to the emergency.

MediLock proposes a secure and contemporary approach towards storing and updating Medical data of Patients. We implement this by combining the Electronic Health Record(EHR), which is a digital version of the patients medical history and blockchain, which helps in providing a universal set of tools for cryptographic assurance of data integrity and transparent data access.

Currently the global market for electronic health record (EHR) features a largely fragmented landscape. All of the patients healthcare related data is generated in fragments and stored using conventional legacy systems. The biggest challenge that is being faced by health care systems throughout the world is how to share medical data with known and unknown stakeholders for various purposes while ensuring data integrity. Enter MediLock, Medilock makes use of the blockchain technology that has disrupted many industries over the past few years. This revolutionary  technology still lacks adoption in the healthcare industry and MediLock is one of the few platforms that has retaught the application of blockchain and incorporated the Electronic Health Records on the blockchain. MediLock provides a decentralised platform that is secure, fast and facilitates transparent exchange and usage of Medical Data. Blockchain ensures information on the chain is verified by requiring users to provide a signature and with a private key to store the data on the blockchain.  The health metadata blockchain and EHR systems together comprise a holistic solution that enables secure access to EHR data.

We intend to use blockchain technology to create a user-focused electronic health record and maintain a single version of the truth. MediLock provides a simple yet comprehensive experience to various stakeholders in the health care ecosystem.
